Improve docs (#826)
Microsoft/vscode-react-native: README.md

## Debugging React Native applications

> To start debugging you need to create debug configurations in `.vscode/launch.json` first. You can always do it by opening it and clicking at `Add Configuration...` button and then choosing needed debug configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start debugging create a new debug configuration for your ReactNative app in your `.vscode/launch.json`. Adding a new configuration can be done by opening your `launch.json` file and clicking on `Add Configuration...` button and choosing a relevant debug configuration. All available debug configurations for ReactNative can be accessed by typing in *ReactNative* and picking one from the list populated by Intellisense as shown in the image below.
```

> ![Choose React Native debug configuration](images/add-debug-configuration.png)

Reviewer: Can we capture a gif and include that list we do everywhere else?  Its better than having Red arrows :)

Author: @dhanvikapila Sure, I'll take care of it.

> In case if you haven't `.vscode/launch.json` file yet, you can add a whole default debug configuration set. To do that click the debug icon ![Choose React Native debugger](images/debug-view-icon.png) in the View bar, and then click the configuration (gear) icon ![Configure-gear](images/configure-gear-icon.png), then choose the React Native debug environment.

Reviewer: I dont think this works. I havent seen this in my VSCode install on my personal laptop.. Are we sure this works?

Author: @dhanvikapila Yes, it should work, otherwise it's an VS Code issue. Also, please, be aware that menu will not be shown unless you already have `launch.json` - VS Code opens this file instead.
